
Key points to remember
Top of page

SKIP TO LESSON

EXIT COURSE

Natural Language Processing and Computer Vision
87% COMPLETE

COURSE OVERVIEW
About this course
Earn a credential!
Course design

MODULE 1: THE DEBATER PROJECT
About this module
Project Debater
Debate steps
Steps in natural language processing
Quiz

MODULE 2: AI PERFORMS NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING
About this module
NLP sentence segmentation and tokens
Emotion detection and sentiment analysis
The classification problem
NLP and Jeopardy!
Quiz

MODULE 3: CHATBOTS USE NLP TO INTERACT WITH HUMANS
About this module
Chatbot structure
The chatbot backend
Intents, entities, and dialog
Example NLP analysis
Quiz

MODULE 4: AI CLASSIFIES IMAGES
About this module
Convolutional neural networks
Generative adversarial networks
Computer vision applications
Quiz

SUMMARY AND FINAL ASSESSMENT
You’ve come so far!
Key points to remember
Explore more!
Final assessment
Course completion
This lesson is currently unavailableMust pass quiz before continuing: "Final assessment"
Lesson content
Lesson 23 of 25
Key points to remember
1

1
Machines require systems called natural language processing (NLP) to understand human language. Human language is unstructured. In NLP, machines segment sentences into small chunks of information, called a token. Machines classify and sort tokens into a structure so NLP can work with them to extract meaning.

2

2
With IBM Project Debater, the goal was to build an AI system that could help people make evidence-based, bias-free decisions on difficult topics where the answers aren’t obvious.

3

3
The four steps a debater AI system takes include:

Step 1: Learn and understand the topic
Step 2: Build a position
Step 3: Organize your proof
Step 4: Respond to your opponent
4

4
Emotion detection identifies distinct human emotion types. AI can be trained to classify emotions.

5

5
Sentiment analysis is a measure of the strength of an emotion. It results in assessing if data is positive, negative, or neutral.

6

6
Chatbots are ready to answer your questions!

The frontend interacts with the person asking questions. It listens (or reads) and speaks (or presents text).
The backend operates application logic and has enough memory to remember earlier parts of a conversation as dialog continues.
7

7
A chatbot identifies entities and intents, then uses what it has found to trigger a dialog.

An intent is a purpose, or the reason why a user is contacting the chatbot. Think of it as a verb or action to take.
An entity is a person, place, or thing. Think of it as a noun.
A dialog is a flowchart that illustrates the chatbot replies to the user intents.

8

8
With a convolutional neural network (CNN), an AI system can analyze images. With a generative adversarial network (GAN), an AI system can create new drawings and photos.

9

While §sS4 o


31.5 in. 17.6 cu. ft. Counter Depth French Door
